[Applause]
[Music]
hey what is going on everybody over on
topics nation this is saber-6 and today
what we have for you is a solo swap
weapon every kill DNA bomb by tap X
storm go check him out his link is in
the description below the guns are the
blunderbuss in the SVO I don't really
watch advanced warfare but since you
clicked on this video you do and he
uploads it so go watch him go watch
every single video of his go give him
YouTube money or something make it
important you know go check him out go
subscribe to him as well as my channel
is also in the description below as
always it's always in the description if
you want to see something go look in the
description Twitter I did do whatever
you know everything is in the
description so go if you don't look in
the description do it just just just
just do it alright so I'm back I'm back
again guess who's back it's me don't
don't you don't have to guess it's me
anyway so today what I want to talk
about is my new monitor it's not very
good it's not very pretty okay it's it's
kind of good it's bigger than my old one
it's not super pretty but it works it
doesn't have a little tiny scratch on it
but you know it's not really huge so you
wouldn't be able to like watch the video
or anything or watch anything it's kind
of it's not really obstructing it
anything it's off to the side you don't
really see it much but it's used so you
know you get what you get our old
monitor decided that it was going to die
and it didn't it hasn't died yet but
it's it's getting there so I told my mom
I'm like you know I think it's time to
buy a new monitor and she's like but why
why would we buy a new monitor ears is
fine and I'm like no not fine everything
is going on it you know it's become to
the point where if you move the screen
nothing changes and all that kind of
stuff and she's like oh okay I guess we
could buy a new computer or a new
monitor because you know yeah and
hopefully she'll buy a new PC as well
maybe not buy a new one but upgrade her
so I want to buy or I want her to buy a
new one
but they're like $700 or $1,000 or
$1,200 so we'll see how that goes I'm
trying to convince her right now
everybody convinced her in the comments
maybe if she sees like a bunch of
comments convincing her to buy me a
computer maybe she'll understand but
anyway yeah so the monitor has got like
a webcam it's got an HDMI import which
is great for my own channel because my
other monitor didn't and I don't have an
HDTV so I wasn't able to record an HD
and the only reason I have HD content is
because of chu boy migrant who's also in
tap X so you know it's gonna be great
so I can record more videos the only
problem is is that the monitor and the
computer is in the living room and my
xbox is in my room so I have to move
everything around sorry about that in
order to do anything really it's just
it's kind of a hassle for me right now
that's why I want my own computer so I
can plug it in I can have everything
recording at once I don't have to you
know stop recording I mean I would stop
recording obviously because that would
just ruin everything but I don't have to
do any other move my xbox in the living
room just so I can record one like
five-minute video and then go back into
my room and that kind of stuff so hi you
know it's not terrible but it's not
great either um this monitor that I got
is actually like 20 pounds my old
monitor is maybe five if that but this
one is really heavy and it's really
weird too because it's ginormous like
it's only 22 inches but yeah you know
it's ginormous because you know those
kind of things are very big and
ginormous and stuff but yeah don't I
know your minds in the gutter already so
we'll just keep it like that just just
take it out for a little bit maybe no
yeah I won't either all right so what
else do I want to talk about why uh well
I can't even say why I left because it
ended and I just never never asked to
join back for that point once it ended I
decided that I would go join one and and
I was in one end for quite a while and
then all of a sudden everybody
got kicked all my friends and are not
kicked but left or joined a different
clan or that kind of stuff I just
thought you know it's my time to go to
if if you're in a clan and you don't
have any friends in it other than you
know one it's just not fun and most
people would agree with me you know
maybe you don't like talking to other
people so being in a clan that you only
have to talk to the leader is fine with
you but for me it's not home you know if
I'm in a clan I want to be at home I
want to feel like it's family and all
that kind of stuff and only having one
person is not family I mean maybe you've
only got one person in your family but
it's just not family to me I like to be
with friends and that kind of stuff I
like to be able to talk to people and
it's just it's better that way
in my opinion maybe your opinion is
different but mine is always right
because clearly I'm always right
you know all that kind of another thing
that I wanted oh well okay so I have
autism if you've heard my commentary
before on tap X you would obviously
already know this but I hate it I cannot
stand it when people think that they can
be my friend just because I have a
disability in parenthesis when I really
don't you know it's not the type of
autism that they probably know Thai
functioning autism which means that I
learn differently which means that you
learn differently from me which also
means that hey maybe you've got a
disability because you don't have
high-functioning autism you know maybe
you don't but anyway like I was I I
can't do that I'm so not used to this I
play hockey and the moment that I said
that I had autism it just changed the
whole room you know it changed everyone
everyone's they go yeah we could be
friends now because you have a
disability and blah blah blah I gotta be
nice to you and all that kind of stuff
no you don't if we're not friends we're
not friends I don't want to be friends
with somebody who's fake you know no
wanna be friends with somebody who's
fake so I'm not going to be it's not
gonna happen but anyway guys that's
pretty much it for me go subscribe to
tap X Store Moreno it's a pretty cool
guy go check them out his link is in the
description
like always it's probably gonna be in
the comments as well saying this is my
gameplay probably not in that voice cuz
it'll be a comment and you know can't
really type and have the voice at the
same time but anyway that's it for me
hopefully you guys enjoyed this
commentary you probably didn't because
it suck but anyway goodbye